Change name, title, remove deprecate as a term, and minor spelling fixes (#8)
buraglio/draft-nbtjjl-dnsop-prefer8781: draft-nbtjjl-dnsop-prefer8781.md

---
title: "Preference of pref64 over DNS64 for Discovery of IPv6 Prefix Used for IPv6 Address Synthesis"

> abbrev: "Prefer RFC8781"

Reviewer: Maybe we shall phrase it as 'discouraging using RFC7050' - that way it would be:
- more in scope of dnsops
- stay generic (in the unlikely event of a new NAT64 prefix detection method is invented, or people want to use PCP)

WDYT?

--- abstract

> RFC7050 describes a method for detecting the presence of DNS64 and for learning the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation (RFC6145). This methodology depends on the existence of a well-known IPv4-only fully qualified domain name "ipv4only.arpa.". Because newer methods exist that lack the requirement of a higher level protocol, instead using existing operations in the form of native router advertisements, discovery of the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation using RFC7050 should be demoted to legacy status and used only in the absence or inability to offer RFC 8781 compliant pref64 within a router advertisement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFC7050 describes a method for detecting the presence of DNS64 and for learning the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation (RFC6145). This methodology depends on the existence of a well-known IPv4-only fully qualified domain name "ipv4only.arpa.". Because newer methods exist that lack the requirement of a higher level protocol, instead using existing operations in the form of native router advertisements, discovery of the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation using RFC7050 should be discouraged. RFC7050 MAY only be used if other methods (such as RFC8781]) can not be used.
```
